CREATE VPC,ATTACH TO 2 INSTANCE(PRI, PUB) AND CHECK IT WHICH ONE IS WORKING

create one vpc tenancy should be default(10.0.0.0/16)
create internet gateway attach it to vpc
create 2 subnet (pri--10.0.1.0/24, pub--10.0.2.0/24)
create 2 routetable private and public
select public rt under route edit with add route and select your internet gateway save changes 
edit subnet association select public subnet save it
select private here only edit private subnet save it
edit securituy group with same vpc and give inbound rules save it.

create 2 instance attach vpc and and select subnet respectively and attach security group which is attached to your vpc.
copy public ip 
CMD--> ping public ip
check for both instance one should be 0%loss  another should be timed out(private instance with private subnet)




VPC PEERING

VPC Peering : Connecting vpcs with in same aws account and different aws accounts.
Scenario-1:
----------
VPC Peering in same aws account:

Create two VPCs.
launch two ec2 instances one in public subnet and one in private subnet.

create VPC Peering:
Give VPC1 id, select my account and region 
add vpc2 to peer with vpc1.

Accept peering connection.

In VPC1 public Route table we need to add VPC2 private instance private ip CIDR block.
In VPC2 private route table we need to add VPC1 public instance private ip CIDR block.

Connect to public instance in VPC1
Copy pem file for private instance in VPC2

SSH to private instance(VPC2)

Scenario-2:
----------
create two VPCs in different AWS accounts

launch two instances in two different AWS acconts

Create VPC peering connection for differnet aws accounts



In VPC(account1) public Route table we need to add VPC(account2) private instance private ip CIDR block.
In VPC(account2) private route table we need to add VPC(account1) public instance private ip CIDR block.

connect to public instance in account1
Copy pem file for private instance in VPC(account2)

SSH to private instance(VPC(account2))
